guides/shopify/requirements-checkout-api.en.md, before:

# Requirements

To integrate Mercado Pago’s Checkout Transparente with your Shopify store, you must meet the requirements listed below.

| Requirements | Description |
|---|---|
| Mercado Pago Account | The integrator must have a Mercado Pago account to be able to generate credentials. If you do not have one, [click here](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/hub/registration/landing) to create it. |
| Credentials	 | [Credentials](/developers/en/docs/mp-delivery/additional-content/credentials) are unique passwords that we use to identify an integration in your account and serve to capture payments in online stores and other applications in a secure way. |
| Shopify Store | You must have a store created in Shopify. If you don't have one yet, [access here](https://www.shopify.com). |


> PREV_STEP_CARD_EN
>
> Introduction
>
> Discover the benefits of integrating Checkout Transparente.
>
> [Introduction](/developers/en/docs/shopify/introduction-checkout-transparente)

> NEXT_STEP_CARD_EN
>
> Installation
>
> Learn how to install Checkout Transparente in your Shopify store.
>
> [Installation](/developers/en/docs/shopify/installation-checkout-transparente)

Commit message:

new changes in documentation per stakeholders feedback

guides/shopify/requirements-checkout-api.en.md, after:

# Requirements

To integrate Mercado Pago’s Checkout Transparente with your Shopify store, you must meet the requirements listed below.

| Requirements | Description |
|---|---|
| Mercado Pago Account | The integrator must have a Mercado Pago account to be able to generate credentials. If you do not have one, [click here](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/hub/registration/landing) to create it. |
| Credentials	 | [Credentials](/developers/en/docs/mp-delivery/additional-content/credentials) are unique passwords that we use to identify an integration in your account and serve to capture payments in online stores and other applications in a secure way. |
| Shopify Store | You must have a store created in Shopify. If you don't have one yet, [access here](https://www.shopify.com). |
| Checkout Pro | To integrate Checkout Transparente you must have Checkout Pro in your Shopify store. To learn how to integrate it, go to the [documentation](/docs/shopify/introduction-checkout-pro). |


> PREV_STEP_CARD_EN
>
> Introduction
>
> Discover the benefits of integrating Checkout Transparent.
>
> [Introduction](/developers/en/docs/shopify/introduction-checkout-transparente)

> NEXT_STEP_CARD_EN
>
> Installation
>
> Learn how to install Checkout Transparente in your Shopify store.
>
> [Installation](/developers/en/docs/shopify/installation-checkout-transparente)
