guides/checkout-pro/expiration-date.en.md, before:

# Boleto expiration
 
Expiration date is the maximum period defined for making a payment. With Checkout Pro it is possible to change the default expiration date for **payments with boleto** by sending the `date_of_expiration` parameter in the request to create the preference.
 
In this field, the date set must be between 1 and 30 days from the date of issue of the payment.
 
1. Send a POST with the `date_of_expiration` parameter informing the item's expiration date and time to the endpoint [/checkout/preferences](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/reference/preferences/_checkout_preferences/post). The value must follow the ISO 8601 format (yyyy-MM-dd'T'HH:mm:ssz)
2. Execute the request.
 
> WARNING
>
> Important
>
> The clearing period is between 1 and 2 working days according to the chosen payment method. For this reason, we recommend setting the expiration date at least 3 days apart to ensure payment is made. In addition, if payment is made after the expiration date, the amount will be refunded to the payer's Mercado Pago account.

> PREV_STEP_CARD_EN
>
> Shipping cost
>
> Learn more about the value charged for shipping the products sold.
>
> [Shipping cost](/developers/en/docs/checkout-pro/checkout-customization/preferences/shipping-cost)

> NEXT_STEP_CARD_EN
>
> Opening schema
>
> Learn how to define how Checkout Pro will open to the user. 
>
> [Opening schema](/developers/pt/docs/checkout-pro/checkout-customization/user-interface/opening-schema)

Commit message:

old files from previous branch up to date with development

guides/checkout-pro/expiration-date.en.md, after:

# Expiration date

Expiration date is the maximum period defined for making a payment. With Checkout Pro it is possible to change the default expiration date to **cash payments** by sending the `date_of_expiration` field in the preference creation request.

> NOTE
>
> Important
>
> The clearing period is between 1 and 2 working days according to the chosen payment method. Therefore, we recommend setting the expiration date at least 3 days apart to ensure payment is made. In addition, if payment is made after the expiration date, the amount will be refunded to the payer's Mercado Pago account.


To change the expiration date, send a **POST** with the parameter `date_of_expiration` with the expiration date and time of the item to the endpoint [/checkout/preferences](/developers/en/reference/preferences/_checkout_preferences/post) and execute the request.


[[[
```json
===
The date uses the ISO 8601 format: yyyy-MM-dd'T'HH:mm:ssz
===
"date_of_expiration": "2020-05-30T23:59:59.000-04:00"
```
]]]
