guides/checkout-pro/requirements.en.md, before:

# Prerequisites
 
To integrate Checkout Pro, it is important that all the prerequisites below are met.
 
| Prerequisite | Description |
|--- |--- |
| Mercado Pago seller account |To integrate Checkout Pro, you need a seller account in Mercado Pago. If you don’t have one, [click here](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/hub/registration/landing) to create it.|
| SDK Mercado Pago | SDKs are Mercado Pago's official libraries that facilitate the development process in the most used languages in the market. Check [SDKs](/developers/en/docs/sdks-library/landing) for more information. |
| Credentials | Credentials are unique keys that we provide for you to configure your integrations. You will need a pair of test credentials to test the integration and a pair of production credentials to receive real payments. Check [Credentials](/developers/en/guides/additional-content/credentials/credentials) for more information. |
| SSL Certificate | Certificate that allows safe browsing and protection of user data during information transfers. |

> PREV_STEP_CARD_EN
>
> Introduction
>
> Learn more about Checkout Pro and its features.
>
> [Introduction](/developers/en/docs/checkout-pro/landing)

> NEXT_STEP_CARD_EN
>
> Create preferences
>
> Check how to create information sets about a product and/or service.
>
> [Create preferences](/developers/en/docs/checkout-pro/integration-configuration/create-preference)

Commit message:

old files from previous branch up to date with development

guides/checkout-pro/requirements.en.md, after:

# Prerequisites

To integrate Checkout Pro, it is important that all the prerequisites below are met.

| Requirements | Description | Condition |
| --- | --- | --- |
|Mercado Pago Seller Account | To integrate Checkout Pro, you need a seller account on Mercado Pago. If you don't have one, ----[mlb]----[click here](https://www.mercadopago.com.br/hub/registration/landing) ------------ ----[mla]----[click here](https://www.mercadopago.com.ar/hub/registration/landing) ------------ ----[mlm]----[click here](https://www.mercadopago.com.mx/hub/registration/landing) ------------ ----[mpe]----[click here](https://www.mercadopago.com.pe/hub/registration/landing) ------------ ----[mco]----[click here](https://www.mercadopago.com.co/hub/registration/landing) ------------ ----[mlu]----[click here](https://www.mercadopago.com.uy/hub/registration/landing) ------------ ----[mlc]----[click here](https://www.mercadopago.com.cl/hub/registration/landing) ------------ to create it for free. | Required |
| Credentials | Credentials are unique keys that we provide for you to configure your integrations. You will need a pair of test credentials to test the integration and a pair of production credentials to receive actual payments. See [Credentials](/developers/en/docs/checkout-pro/additional-content/credentials) for more information. | Required |
| SSL Certificate | Certificate that allows safe browsing and protection of user data during information transfers. | Required |
