guides/additional-content/sales-processing/payment-methods.en.md, before:

# Available payment methods

You can get a complete list of available payment types and methods as well as their details (names, ids, settings, status, etc.) via the [Get payment methods](/developers/en/reference/payment_methods/_payment_methods/get) API. In the response from this API, the means of payment corresponding to the country associated with your Mercado Pago account will be indicated.

| Payment methods | 🇦🇷 <br> Argentina | 🇧🇷 <br> Brazil | 🇨🇱 <br>  Chile | 🇨🇴 <br>  Colombia | 🇲🇽 <br> Mexico | 🇵🇪 <br> Peru | 🇺🇾 <br> Uruguay |
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |
| Cash in Account | Mercado Pago* | Mercado Pago* | Mercado Pago* | Mercado Pago* | Mercado Pago* | Mercado Pago* | - |
| ATM | Red Link** | - | - | - | Bancomer** <br> Banamex** <br> Serfin** | BCP <br> Continental <br> Others| - |
| Bank Transfer | - | Pix* ** | - | PSE* | - | - | - |
| Credit | Visa <br> Mastercard <br> American Express <br> Diners Club <br> Naranja** <br> Nativa** <br> Shopping** <br> Ceconsud <br> Argencard <br> Cordial <br> Cordobesa <br> br> Cabal <br> CMR | Visa <br> Mastercard <br> American Express <br> Hipercard <br> Diners Club <br> Elo <br> Mercado Livre | Visa <br> Mastercard <br> American Express <br> Diners Club <br> CMR <br> Magna <br> Presto | Visa <br> Mastercard <br> American Express <br> Diners Club <br> Codensa | Visa <br> Mastercard <br> American Express** | Visa <br> Diners Club | Visa <br> Mastercard <br> Diners Club <br> Oca <br> Lider |
| Debit | Visa** <br> Mastercard** <br> Maestro** <br> Cabal | Visa <br> Mastercard <br> Elo | Visa <br> Mastercard <br> RedCompra | Visa <br> Mastercard | Visa <br> Mastercard | Visa <br> Mastercard | - |
| Digital Currency | - | Giftcard** | - | - | Bitcoin** | - | - |
| Digital Wallet | - | Paypal | - | Paypal | - | - | - |
| Prepaid Card | - | - | - | - | Mercado Pago** | - | - |
| Payment Slip/PEC/Cash | Rapipago** <br> Pago Facil <br> Virtual Cargo** <br> Cobro Express** | Boleto** <br> PEC | - | Efecty* | Oxxo** <br> PayCash | - | Abitab <br> Red Pagos |

_*Payment methods not available for Mobile Checkout._ <br>
_**Payment methods not available for Subscriptions._

Commit message:

disclaimer por el apagado de Paypal

guides/additional-content/sales-processing/payment-methods.en.md, after:

# Available payment methods

You can get a complete list of available payment types and methods as well as their details (names, ids, settings, status, etc.) via the [Get payment methods](/developers/en/reference/payment_methods/_payment_methods/get) API. In the response from this API, the means of payment corresponding to the country associated with your Mercado Pago account will be indicated.

----[mlm]---- 

> WARNING
>
> Attention
>
> Soon, Paypal will no longer be available as a means of payment within Mercado Pago solutions. It will no longer be possible to receive payments by this means or make new integrations. If you have questions about this change, you can see how to contact customer service [here](https://blog.mercadopago.com.mx/productos/atencion-al-cliente-mercado-pago-como-contactarse).
------------

----[mlb]---- 

> WARNING
>
> Attention
>
> Soon, Paypal will no longer be available as a means of payment within Mercado Pago solutions. It will no longer be possible to receive payments by this means or make new integrations. If you have questions about this change, you can contact customer service [here](https://www.mercadopago.com.br/ajuda).
------------

| Payment methods | 🇦🇷 <br> Argentina | 🇧🇷 <br> Brazil | 🇨🇱 <br>  Chile | 🇨🇴 <br>  Colombia | 🇲🇽 <br> Mexico | 🇵🇪 <br> Peru | 🇺🇾 <br> Uruguay |
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |
| Cash in Account | Mercado Pago* | Mercado Pago* | Mercado Pago* | Mercado Pago* | Mercado Pago* | Mercado Pago* | - |
| ATM | Red Link** | - | - | - | Bancomer** <br> Banamex** <br> Serfin** | BCP <br> Continental <br> Others| - |
| Bank Transfer | - | Pix* ** | - | PSE* | - | - | - |
| Credit | Visa <br> Mastercard <br> American Express <br> Diners Club <br> Naranja** <br> Nativa** <br> Shopping** <br> Ceconsud <br> Argencard <br> Cordial <br> Cordobesa <br> br> Cabal <br> CMR | Visa <br> Mastercard <br> American Express <br> Hipercard <br> Diners Club <br> Elo <br> Mercado Livre | Visa <br> Mastercard <br> American Express <br> Diners Club <br> CMR <br> Magna <br> Presto | Visa <br> Mastercard <br> American Express <br> Diners Club <br> Codensa | Visa <br> Mastercard <br> American Express** | Visa <br> Diners Club | Visa <br> Mastercard <br> Diners Club <br> Oca <br> Lider |
| Debit | Visa** <br> Mastercard** <br> Maestro** <br> Cabal | Visa <br> Mastercard <br> Elo | Visa <br> Mastercard <br> RedCompra | Visa <br> Mastercard | Visa <br> Mastercard | Visa <br> Mastercard | - |
| Digital Currency | - | Giftcard** | - | - | Bitcoin** | - | - |
| Digital Wallet | - | Paypal | - | Paypal | - | - | - |
| Prepaid Card | - | - | - | - | Mercado Pago** | - | - |
| Payment Slip/PEC/Cash | Rapipago** <br> Pago Facil <br> Virtual Cargo** <br> Cobro Express** | Boleto** <br> PEC | - | Efecty* | Oxxo** <br> PayCash | - | Abitab <br> Red Pagos |

_*Payment methods not available for Mobile Checkout._ <br>
_**Payment methods not available for Subscriptions._
