guides/salesforce/payments-configuration.en.md, before:

# Configure payment methods

To start receiving credit card and Pix payments, follow the steps outlined below.

## Activate payment methods

Here's how to activate each payment method in your Salesforce Commerce Cloud store.

----[mlb]----
### Pix

> WARNING
>
> Important
>
> To offer payments with Pix, you must ensure that the Pix keys have been created. If you haven't created it yet, [click here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=60tApKYVnkA) and check the necessary steps.

1. Within your Salesforce Commerce Cloud store, go to the **Merchant Tools** menu and click the **Payment Methods** option found within the Ordering group of options. You can also find the option using the menu search engine.
2. To activate the Pix payment method, position yourself on the **PIX** option. Then, in the column "Enabled" and select the option **Yes** to enable it.
------------

### Credit card

1. Within your Salesforce Commerce Cloud store, go to the **Merchant Tools** menu and click the **Payment Methods** option found within the Ordering group of options. You can also find the option using the menu search engine.
2. To activate the credit card payment method, position yourself on the **CREDIT_CARD** option. Then, in the column "Enabled" and select the option **Yes** to enable it.

## Choose the location of the means of payment

By default, the Mercado Pago cartridge will first show the Pix payment method and then the credit card. 

----[mlb]----
![payment-methods](/images/salesforce/payment-methods.png)
------------

If you want to change this order, follow these steps.

1. Within your Salesforce Commerce Cloud store, go to the **Merchant Tools** menu and click the **Payment Methods** option found within the Ordering group of options. You can also find the option using the menu search engine.
2. Within the box, look for the **Sort Order** column. In this column, assign a numerical order to the payment methods of your store to define the order in which you want to display them.

Commit message:

added debit card to the means of payment

guides/salesforce/payments-configuration.en.md, after:

# Configure payment methods

To start receiving payments with credit or debit cards----[mlb]---- and Pix------------, follow the steps outlined below.

## Activate payment methods

Here's how to activate each payment method in your Salesforce Commerce Cloud store.

----[mlb]----
### Pix

> WARNING
>
> Important
>
> To offer payments with Pix, you must ensure that the Pix keys have been created. If you haven't created it yet, [click here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=60tApKYVnkA) and check the necessary steps.

1. Within your Salesforce Commerce Cloud store, go to the **Merchant Tools** menu and click the **Payment Methods** option found within the Ordering group of options. You can also find the option using the menu search engine.
2. To activate the Pix payment method, position yourself on the **PIX** option. Then, in the column "Enabled" and select the option **Yes** to enable it.
------------

### Credit or debit cards

1. Within your Salesforce Commerce Cloud store, go to the **Merchant Tools** menu and click the **Payment Methods** option found within the Ordering group of options. You can also find the option using the menu search engine.
2. To activate the credit or debit cards payment method, position yourself on the **CREDIT_CARD** option. Then, in the column "Enabled" and select the option **Yes** to enable it.

## Choose the location of the means of payment

By default, the Mercado Pago cartridge will first show the Pix payment method and then the credit card. 

----[mlb]----
![payment-methods](/images/salesforce/payment-methods.png)
------------

If you want to change this order, follow these steps.

1. Within your Salesforce Commerce Cloud store, go to the **Merchant Tools** menu and click the **Payment Methods** option found within the Ordering group of options. You can also find the option using the menu search engine.
2. Within the box, look for the **Sort Order** column. In this column, assign a numerical order to the payment methods of your store to define the order in which you want to display them.
