guides/checkout-bricks/payment-brick/payment-submission-other-payment-methods.en.md, before:

> SERVER_SIDE
>
> h1
>
> Payment submission (other payment methods)

To configure payments with **boleto bancário** or **payment in lottery**, send a **POST** with the following parameters to the endpoint [/v1/payments](/developers/en/reference/payments/_payments/post) and run the request or, if you prefer, use one of our SDKs below.

| Payment Type | Parameter | Value |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Boleto | `payment_method_id` | `bolbradesco` |
| Lottery payment | `payment_method_id` | `pec` |

[[[
```php
<?php

require_once 'vendor/autoload.php';

MercadoPago\SDK::setAccessToken("ENV_ACCESS_TOKEN");

$payment = new MercadoPago\Payment();
$payment->transaction_amount = 100;
$payment->description = "Product title";
$payment->payment_method_id = "bolbradesco";
$payment->payer = array(
"email" => "test@test.com",
"first_name" => "Test",
"last_name" => "User",
"identification" => array(
"type" => "CPF",
"number" => "19119119100"
),
"address"=> array(
"zip_code" => "06233200",
"street_name" => "Avenida das Nações Unidas",
"street_number" => "3003",
"neighborhood" => "Bonfim",
"city" => "Osasco",
"federal_unit" => "SP"
)
);

$payment->save();

?>
```
```node
var Mercadopago = require('mercadopago');
Mercadopago.configurations.setAccessToken(config.access_token);

var payment_data = {
transaction_amount: 100,
description: 'Product title',
payment_method_id: 'bolbradesco',
payer: {
email: 'test@test.com',
first_name: 'Test',
last_name: 'User',
identification: {
type: 'CPF',
number: '19119119100'
},
address: {
zip_code: '06233200',
street_name: "Avenida das Nações Unidas",
street_number: '3003',
neighborhood: 'Bonfim',
city: 'Osasco',
federal_unit: 'SP'
}
}
};

Mercadopago.payment.create(payment_data).then(function (data) {

}).catch(function(error) {

});

```
```java
PaymentClient client = new PaymentClient();

PaymentCreateRequest paymentCreateRequest =
PaymentCreateRequest.builder()
.transactionAmount(new BigDecimal("100"))
.description("Product Title")
.paymentMethodId("bolbradesco")
.dateOfExpiration(OffsetDateTime.of(2023, 1, 10, 10, 10, 10, 0, ZoneOffset.UTC))
.payer(
PaymentPayerRequest.builder()
.email("test@test.com")
.firstName("Test")
.lastName("User")
.identification(
IdentificationRequest.builder().type("CPF").number("19119119100").build())
.build())
.build();

client.create(paymentCreateRequest);
```
```ruby
require 'mercadopago'
sdk = Mercadopago::SDK.new('ENV_ACCESS_TOKEN')

payment_request = {
transaction_amount: 100,
description: 'Product title',
payment_method_id: 'bolbradesco',
payer: {
email: 'test@test.com',
first_name: 'Test',
last_name: 'User',
identification: {
type: 'CPF',
number: '19119119100',
},
address: {
zip_code: '06233200',
street_name: 'Avenida das Nações Unidas',
street_number: '3003',
neighborhood: 'Bonfim',
city: 'Osasco',
federal_unit: 'SP'
}
}
}

payment_response = sdk.payment.create(payment_request)
payment = payment_response[:response]

```
```csharp

using MercadoPago.Config;
using MercadoPago.Client.Common;
using MercadoPago.Client.Payment;
using MercadoPago.Resource.Payment;

MercadoPagoConfig.AccessToken = "ENV_ACCESS_TOKEN";

var request = new PaymentCreateRequest
{
TransactionAmount = 105,
Description = "Product Title",
PaymentMethodId = "bolbradesco",
Payer = new PaymentPayerRequest
{
Email = "test@test.com",
FirstName = "Test",
LastName = "User",
Identification = new IdentificationRequest
{
Type = "CPF",
Number = "191191191-00",
},
},
};

var client = new PaymentClient();
Payment payment = await client.CreateAsync(request);

```
```python
import market
sdk = Mercadopago.SDK("ENV_ACCESS_TOKEN")

payment_data = {
"transaction_amount": 100,
"description": "Product title",
"payment_method_id": "bolbradesco",
"payer": {
"email": "test@test.com",
"first_name": "Test",
"last_name": "User",
"identification": {
"type": "CPF",
"number": "191191191-00"
},
"address": {
"zip_code": "06233-200",
"street_name": "Avenida das Nações Unidas",
"street_number": "3003",
"neighborhood": "Bonfim",
"city": "Osasco",
"federal_unit": "SP"
}
}
}

payment_response = sdk.payment().create(payment_data)
payment = payment_response["response"]
```
```curl
curl -X POST \
-H 'accept: application/json' \
-H 'content-type: application/json' \
-H 'Authorization: Bearer ENV_ACCESS_TOKEN' \
'https://api.mercadopago.com/v1/payments' \
-d '{
"transaction_amount": 100,
"description": "Product title",
"payment_method_id": "bolbradesco",
"payer": {
"email": "test@test.com",
"first_name": "Test",
"last_name": "User",
"identification": {
"type": "CPF",
"number": "19119119100"
},
"address": {
"zip_code": "06233200",
"street_name": "Avenida das Nações Unidas",
"street_number": "3003",
"neighborhood": "Bonfim",
"city": "Osasco",
"federal_unit": "SP"
}
}
}'
```
]]]

The response will show the **pending status** until the buyer completes the payment. Also, in the response to the request, the `external_resource_url` parameter will return a URL that contains instructions for the buyer to make the payment. You can redirect to this same link to complete the payment flow. See below for an example return.

[[[
```json
[
{
...,
"id": 5466310457,
"status": "pending",
"status_detail": "pending_waiting_payment",
...,
"transaction_details": {
"net_received_amount": 0,
"total_paid_amount": 100,
"overpaid_amount": 0,
"external_resource_url": "https://www.mercadopago.com/mla/payments/ticket/helper?payment_id=123456789&payment_method_reference_id= 123456789&caller_id=123456",
"installment_amount": 0,
"financial_institution": null,
"payment_method_reference_id": "1234567890"
}
}
]
```
]]]

> NOTE
>
> Note
>
> The customer has between 3 and 5 days to pay, depending on the payment method. After this time, the payment must be canceled.

Commit message:

adding 'show payment status' section and more images

guides/checkout-bricks/payment-brick/payment-submission-other-payment-methods.en.md, after:

> SERVER_SIDE
>
> h1
>
> Payment submission (other payment methods)

To configure payments with **boleto bancário** or **payment in lottery**, send a **POST** with the following parameters to the endpoint [/v1/payments](/developers/en/reference/payments/_payments/post) and run the request or, if you prefer, use one of our SDKs below.

| Payment Type | Parameter | Value |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Boleto | `payment_method_id` | `bolbradesco` |
| Lottery payment | `payment_method_id` | `pec` |

[[[
```php
<?php

require_once 'vendor/autoload.php';

MercadoPago\SDK::setAccessToken("ENV_ACCESS_TOKEN");

$payment = new MercadoPago\Payment();
$payment->transaction_amount = 100;
$payment->description = "Product title";
$payment->payment_method_id = "bolbradesco";
$payment->payer = array(
"email" => "test@test.com",
"first_name" => "Test",
"last_name" => "User",
"identification" => array(
"type" => "CPF",
"number" => "19119119100"
),
"address"=> array(
"zip_code" => "06233200",
"street_name" => "Avenida das Nações Unidas",
"street_number" => "3003",
"neighborhood" => "Bonfim",
"city" => "Osasco",
"federal_unit" => "SP"
)
);

$payment->save();

?>
```
```node
var Mercadopago = require('mercadopago');
Mercadopago.configurations.setAccessToken(config.access_token);

var payment_data = {
transaction_amount: 100,
description: 'Product title',
payment_method_id: 'bolbradesco',
payer: {
email: 'test@test.com',
first_name: 'Test',
last_name: 'User',
identification: {
type: 'CPF',
number: '19119119100'
},
address: {
zip_code: '06233200',
street_name: "Avenida das Nações Unidas",
street_number: '3003',
neighborhood: 'Bonfim',
city: 'Osasco',
federal_unit: 'SP'
}
}
};

Mercadopago.payment.create(payment_data).then(function (data) {

}).catch(function(error) {

});

```
```java
PaymentClient client = new PaymentClient();

PaymentCreateRequest paymentCreateRequest =
PaymentCreateRequest.builder()
.transactionAmount(new BigDecimal("100"))
.description("Product Title")
.paymentMethodId("bolbradesco")
.dateOfExpiration(OffsetDateTime.of(2023, 1, 10, 10, 10, 10, 0, ZoneOffset.UTC))
.payer(
PaymentPayerRequest.builder()
.email("test@test.com")
.firstName("Test")
.lastName("User")
.identification(
IdentificationRequest.builder().type("CPF").number("19119119100").build())
.build())
.build();

client.create(paymentCreateRequest);
```
```ruby
require 'mercadopago'
sdk = Mercadopago::SDK.new('ENV_ACCESS_TOKEN')

payment_request = {
transaction_amount: 100,
description: 'Product title',
payment_method_id: 'bolbradesco',
payer: {
email: 'test@test.com',
first_name: 'Test',
last_name: 'User',
identification: {
type: 'CPF',
number: '19119119100',
},
address: {
zip_code: '06233200',
street_name: 'Avenida das Nações Unidas',
street_number: '3003',
neighborhood: 'Bonfim',
city: 'Osasco',
federal_unit: 'SP'
}
}
}

payment_response = sdk.payment.create(payment_request)
payment = payment_response[:response]

```
```csharp

using MercadoPago.Config;
using MercadoPago.Client.Common;
using MercadoPago.Client.Payment;
using MercadoPago.Resource.Payment;

MercadoPagoConfig.AccessToken = "ENV_ACCESS_TOKEN";

var request = new PaymentCreateRequest
{
TransactionAmount = 105,
Description = "Product Title",
PaymentMethodId = "bolbradesco",
Payer = new PaymentPayerRequest
{
Email = "test@test.com",
FirstName = "Test",
LastName = "User",
Identification = new IdentificationRequest
{
Type = "CPF",
Number = "191191191-00",
},
},
};

var client = new PaymentClient();
Payment payment = await client.CreateAsync(request);

```
```python
import market
sdk = Mercadopago.SDK("ENV_ACCESS_TOKEN")

payment_data = {
"transaction_amount": 100,
"description": "Product title",
"payment_method_id": "bolbradesco",
"payer": {
"email": "test@test.com",
"first_name": "Test",
"last_name": "User",
"identification": {
"type": "CPF",
"number": "191191191-00"
},
"address": {
"zip_code": "06233-200",
"street_name": "Avenida das Nações Unidas",
"street_number": "3003",
"neighborhood": "Bonfim",
"city": "Osasco",
"federal_unit": "SP"
}
}
}

payment_response = sdk.payment().create(payment_data)
payment = payment_response["response"]
```
```curl
curl -X POST \
-H 'accept: application/json' \
-H 'content-type: application/json' \
-H 'Authorization: Bearer ENV_ACCESS_TOKEN' \
'https://api.mercadopago.com/v1/payments' \
-d '{
"transaction_amount": 100,
"description": "Product title",
"payment_method_id": "bolbradesco",
"payer": {
"email": "test@test.com",
"first_name": "Test",
"last_name": "User",
"identification": {
"type": "CPF",
"number": "19119119100"
},
"address": {
"zip_code": "06233200",
"street_name": "Avenida das Nações Unidas",
"street_number": "3003",
"neighborhood": "Bonfim",
"city": "Osasco",
"federal_unit": "SP"
}
}
}'
```
]]]

The response will show the **pending status** until the buyer completes the payment. Also, in the response to the request, the `external_resource_url` parameter will return a URL that contains instructions for the buyer to make the payment. You can redirect to this same link to complete the payment flow. See below for an example return.

[[[
```json
[
{
...,
"id": 5466310457,
"status": "pending",
"status_detail": "pending_waiting_payment",
...,
"transaction_details": {
"net_received_amount": 0,
"total_paid_amount": 100,
"overpaid_amount": 0,
"external_resource_url": "https://www.mercadopago.com/mla/payments/ticket/helper?payment_id=123456789&payment_method_reference_id= 123456789&caller_id=123456",
"installment_amount": 0,
"financial_institution": null,
"payment_method_reference_id": "1234567890"
}
}
]
```
]]]

## Show payment status

After the payment creation in the backend using the Mercado Pago SDK, use the **id** received in the response to instantiate the Status Screen Brick and show it to the buyer.
In addition to displaying the payment status, Status Screen Brick will also display the barcode to copy and paste or scan in order for the buyer to pay. Learn how simple it is to integrate [click here](/developers/en/docs/checkout-bricks/status-screen-brick/configure-integration).

![payment-submission-other-payment-methods-status](checkout-bricks/payment-submission-other-payment-methods-status-en.jpg)

> NOTE
>
> Note
>
> The customer has between 3 and 5 days to pay, depending on the payment method. After this time, the payment must be canceled.
