guides/subscriptions/proportional-amount.en.md, before:

# Proportional amount (Pro rata)

Pro rata is the amount billed to the subscriber if the subscription starts on a day other than the billing date set by the seller. When creating a subscription, the seller can decide whether or not to offer this option.

Below we show a flow of how the proportional collection of payments works.

![Basic-subscriptions](/images/subscriptions/linea-cobro-EN.png)

To define a pro rata for subscriptions payments, send a POST to the [/preapproval_plan](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/reference/subscriptions/_preapproval_plan/post) endpoint with the parameters `billing_day` and `billing_day_proportional` and execute the request. The first parameter accepts values from 1 (one) to 28 (twenty-eight) and must contain the day of the month in which the charge will be made. The second in turn must be sent with the value `true`. 

> NOTE
>
> Important
>
> If you want to modify a specific subscription and define a Pro Rata, send a PUT with the `billing_day_proportional` parameter to the [/preapproval_plan/{id}](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/reference/subscriptions/_preapproval_plan_id/put) endpoint, change the value from `false` to `true`, and execute the request.

----[mlb]----
> PREV_STEP_CARD_EN
>
> Boleto bancário
>
> Find out how to make available to the subscriber the option of paying the subscription with a boleto bancário.
>
> [Boleto bancário](/developers/en/docs/subscriptions/integration-customization/payment-methods/boleto-bancario)
------------

----[mla, mlm, mpe, mco, mlu, mlc]----
> PREV_STEP_CARD_EN
>
> Subscriptions without associated plan
>
> See more information about the different subscriptions that have different characteristics as they are specific to each payer.
>
> [Subscriptions without associated plan](/developers/en/docs/subscriptions/integration-configuration/subscription-no-associated-plan)
------------

> NEXT_STEP_CARD_EN
>
> Create test user
>
> Check that the integration was done correctly and that the subscription acquisition is working without errors.
>
> [Create test user](/developers/en/docs/subscriptions/integration-test/create-test-user)

Commit message:

added proportional amount field info

guides/subscriptions/proportional-amount.en.md, after:

# Proportional amount (Pro rata)

Pro rata is the amount billed to the subscriber if the subscription starts on a day other than the billing date set by the seller. When creating a subscription, the seller can decide whether or not to offer this option.

> WARNING
>
> Important
>
> To set a proportional value, the fields `frequency` and `frequency_type` need to be filled with the values `frequency`:`1` and `frequency_type`:`months` respectively. This means that the proportional calculation is **only applicable to monthly subscriptions during a 30-day period**.

Below we show a flow of how the proportional collection of payments works.

![Basic-subscriptions](/images/subscriptions/linea-cobro-EN.png)

To define a pro rata for subscriptions payments, send a POST to the [/preapproval_plan](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/reference/subscriptions/_preapproval_plan/post) endpoint with the parameters `billing_day` and `billing_day_proportional` and execute the request. The first parameter accepts values from 1 (one) to 28 (twenty-eight) and must contain the day of the month in which the charge will be made. The second in turn must be sent with the value `true`. 

> NOTE
>
> Important
>
> If you want to modify a specific subscription and define a Pro Rata, send a PUT with the `billing_day_proportional` parameter to the [/preapproval_plan/{id}](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/reference/subscriptions/_preapproval_plan_id/put) endpoint, change the value from `false` to `true`, and execute the request.

----[mlb]----
> PREV_STEP_CARD_EN
>
> Boleto bancário
>
> Find out how to make available to the subscriber the option of paying the subscription with a boleto bancário.
>
> [Boleto bancário](/developers/en/docs/subscriptions/integration-customization/payment-methods/boleto-bancario)
------------

----[mla, mlm, mpe, mco, mlu, mlc]----
> PREV_STEP_CARD_EN
>
> Subscriptions without associated plan
>
> See more information about the different subscriptions that have different characteristics as they are specific to each payer.
>
> [Subscriptions without associated plan](/developers/en/docs/subscriptions/integration-configuration/subscription-no-associated-plan)
------------

> NEXT_STEP_CARD_EN
>
> Create test user
>
> Check that the integration was done correctly and that the subscription acquisition is working without errors.
>
> [Create test user](/developers/en/docs/subscriptions/integration-test/create-test-user)
